Add information on how to install a template from a private NuGet Server (#31952)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/custom-templates.md

dotnet new --install <NUGET_PACKAGE_ID>
```

### To install a template package from a custom NuGet source

> Provide an custom NugGet source (for example, `https://api.my-custom-nuget.com/v3/index.json`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a custom NuGet source (for example, `https://api.my-custom-nuget.com/v3/index.json`).
```
